In the name of Allah,
the Most Gracious and the Most Merciful.
Whatever affliction befalls you is because
of what your own hands have committed.
And He pardons much.
Din, look at my new toy.
Where is it?
It's here.
Try and turn it on.
- Look. Isn't it funny?
- Whoa.
This is mine.
- It's mine.
- Eykha, give it back.
It's mine.
Cheers, everyone!
Eykha! Give it back!
Eykha.
- Why are you playing this here?
- Come on.
Do you realize what time it is?
Go upstairs.
Yusoff.
Eykha, go to your room.
Change into your pyjamas.
I'll be there soon.
- Neng.
- Yes, Ma'am.
Please take Eykha and Yusoff to their room
and prepare them for bed.
Yes, Ma'am.
Neng, take the milk for the kids.
I made extra for Din.
Thank you, Ma'am.
Yusoff, let's go to bed. Come.
- Din, let's go upstairs.
- Okay.
What a funny looking monkey.
- It has small ears.
- Just like mine.
It has pearly white teeth.
Where did your dad get them?
Overseas.
Was it expensive?
I don't know.
I'm sure it's expensive.
You're lucky to get a toy like this.
Its nose.
Ears and teeth.
- Its hands.
- And teeth.
Din, that's enough. Stop playing.
But, Mother...
I said stop.
Go to bed.
Come on.
It's okay, Din.
You can have it for the night.
Just return it to me in the morning, okay?
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
- Are you sure?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Good night.
Sleep, Sweetheart. Have sweet dreams.
You are my heart and soul.
I love you, Eykha.
You are my heart and soul too.
I love you, Yusoff.
Yusoff.
Take care of your sister.
Try not to fight so often.
Take this.
Eykha!
Peace be upon you.
And upon you be peace.
- Have you arrived?
- Yes.
I was held back
by immigration for some time.
Huh?
Why?
I don't know.
Maybe it's because
I've been away for so long.
It has been 30 years.
Mom, is that Dad?
Is that Mikhail?
Let me talk to him.
Dad.
Mikhail, how was school today?
We learned ayatul kursi today.
Our teacher wants to hear
the recitation next week.
Let me hear it.
In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious
and Most Merciful. Allah!
There is no god worthy of worship
except Him,
the Ever-Living, All-Sustaining.
Neither...
No...
It's too hard, Dad.
It's okay. You can memorize it slowly.
God willing, you can do it.
Let me talk to your mother.
Okay, Dad.
- Peace be upon you.
- And upon you be peace.
Honey, don't you want me to be there?
There's no need. I've told you that.
This might be the first and last time
I'll get the chance to see your father.
Besides, I'm sure
Mikhail wants to see his grandpa.
Which part of no, don't you understand?
Huh?
I don't want you and Mikhail
to get involved with this family.
My father is on his deathbed.
I'm only coming home to handle his burial.
O Allah.
Yusoff!
How could you say that?
No matter what he did,
he is still your father.
Okay.
I'll call you if anything comes up.
Send my love to Mikhail.
- Peace be upon you.
- And upon you be peace.
How much further, Pak Mat?
We're almost there.
Is everything...
still the same?
In this world,
nothing stays the same forever, Yusoff.
The young will age.
The living will die.
Those who left, like you,
will eventually return.
Yes.
The difference is in
how you live your life.
Do you choose to do good
or bad in this life?
Take this.
Only one bag? And it's small too.
He won't have enough clothes.
I can carry that myself.
No, it's okay.
No!
That's not right.
You play it every day.
How can you still get it wrong?
Eykha.
Don't touch me.
Go away.
I'm your brother, Yusoff.
What brings you home so suddenly?
Leave.
Eykha.
I came home for you.
Mom doesn't want
- you here.
- Mom?
Eykha.
- Eykha, does Mom keep in touch with you?
- Don't touch me!
Did Mom contact you?
Mom is no longer here.
She ran away.
Just like how you ran away
and left me here.
- Eykha.
- In this house,
- only the people I despise remain.
- Eykha.
- Don't touch me!
- Eykha!
Eykha is unwell.
Her condition worsened after Nur ran away.
Mak War?
I'm glad you came home.
He wants to see his favourite son
before he passes.
Listen, Yusoff.
Go to your room first.
When your father wakes up,
I will call for you.
Hey!
Didn't I tell you to put your toys away?
Are you still not done playing?
Cheeky kids.
This is what you get for shooting me.
Are you going to shoot me again?
Take it.
Hey!
What are you doing here?
This is not your room anymore.
You can sleep downstairs.
In the housekeeper's quarters.
Yusoff.
Your father is awake.
- You may see him now.
- Okay.
Don't.
Your father doesn't like the lights.
His eyes hurt if it's too bright.
Peace be upon you, Dad.
It's me, Yusoff.
I've stayed away from you for a long time.
Away from this family.
I only want to know...
why did you send me away?
I often asked myself...
why?
What did I do wrong?
Why did Mom run away?
Why hasn't anyone in this house
tried to contact me?
I need to know the answers.
Why?
How could you and Mom...
Dad.
Dad, say your shahada.
I bear witness
that there is no god but Allah
and I bear witness that
Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Dad, say your shahada. I bear witness
that there is no god but Allah
and I bear witness that
Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Say your shahada, Dad. Please.
Dad?
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Are you ready?
I found you!
You're so good at this.
This house is huge.
How did you manage to find me?
Yusoff.
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
Next time, pay then you can come.
Take it, Yusoff.
What were you doing in there?
Were you playing hide and seek?
Why didn't you ask me to play with you?
In the name of Allah.
Is it good?
Yes.
Better than your late mother's cooking?
What do you mean?
No one can replace my mother.
Of course, she has her own cooking style.
No one can top her.
But what can you do about it?
She left her children.
Mom is here.
She never left us.
I just met her yesterday, under the tree.
Anyway, you're teaching in Cairo?
Yes, I am.
Islamic Philosophy and Culture.
I'm sure you love traditional elements.
Age-old customs
must be taught to our descendants.
We must preserve it.
I prepared chicken feet soup for you.
Try it.
Good, isn't it?
No!
I don't want to eat! I want Mom!
My goodness.
- I'm sorry, Sir. She's often like this.
- Neng.
- Yes, Ma'am.
- Give her her medicine.
- Milk with honey I made earlier.
- Yes, Ma'am.
What is she taking, Mak War?
Tranquilizers.
To help control her outbursts.
Her doctor advised
that she should be hospitalized.
I won't allow it.
I don't trust modern medicine.
The number you dialed cannot be reached.
There is no god but Allah.
Glory be to Allah.
I have certainly done wrong.
There is no god but Allah.
Glory be to Allah.
I seek forgiveness from Allah Almighty.
A bit tired.
Yusoff prefers not to travel
since Mikhail was born.
So when I heard Father has fallen ill,
I really wanted to meet...
Honey.
What are you doing here?
Let's go upstairs.
- Mikhail. Hey.
- Dad.
Mikhail, do you want
to see my toys in my room?
Let's go.
My daughter-in-law is beautiful.
You have good taste.
What is the matter?
Why did you come here?
Why did you bring Mikhail?
I told you not to come!
I wanted to surprise you.
I thought you'd be happy
if I brought Mikhail too.
Marissa,
how many times
have I told you I didn't want you
and our son near this family?
Yes, I know.
There's no point
in talking about this anymore.
I'm here now.
I want to meet your father.
And this might be my first
and last chance to do that.
Or are you embarrassed by me so
you're keeping me from your father?
I'm your wife.
As your wife, I think I should know
how my husband is feeling,
and what he is thinking and doing.
That's what marriage is.
We communicate.
Not doing everything alone!
So because I always kept to myself
you had an affair?
Is that your excuse?
You need attention from other men?
Yusoff.
Marissa.
Hey.
I'm sorry, okay?
My intention
was only to meet your family.
Especially your father.
You know I don't have a family, Yusoff.
You and your family
are the only family I have.
I hope you understand.
I understand.
But after our business here is done,
we go home.
Peace be upon you, Dad.
I want to introduce my wife to you.
Peace be upon you, Father.
Come here, Sweetheart.
Father, this is our son.
His name is Mikhail.
Say your shahada, Dad.
Snake...
Dad, say your shahada.
I bear witness
that there is no god but Allah
and I bear witness that
Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
I bear witness there is no god but Allah
and I bear witness that
Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Say your shahada, Dad.
Dad.
Pak Mat.
Indeed, we belong to Allah
and to Him we shall return.
In the name of Allah,
the Most Gracious and the Most Merciful.
This is a revelation
from the Almighty, Most Merciful...
- Take this Ya-Sin book.
- Thank you.
Make sure you practice
reading Chapter Ya-Sin.
- Thank you.
- My condolences.
It's okay to be slow,
but make sure you keep practicing.
- You'll improve over time.
- My condolences.
- Thank you.
- Go eat at the back.
- Okay, Dad.
- Pak Mat.
- Yusoff.
I've talked to the funeral committee.
The sun is setting.
Let's settle
your father's burial tomorrow morning.
Okay.
I need to go to the mosque
to organise the tahlil
and invite the congregation
to come tomorrow.
- Yes, Pak Mat.
- Okay.
In the name of Allah,
the Most Gracious and the Most Merciful.
Allah! There is no god
worthy of worship except Allah...
Do you want some, Mikhail?
My mom said I can't.
That used to be your dad's bed.
He was the same age you are now.
And then, he left me.
I stayed in this house
all alone.
I had no friends.
Do you have friends?
My schoolmates.
How fun. You can attend school?
I never got to go to school.
I have no friends.
Will you be my friend, Mikhail?
I'm not alone.
I have my mom.
Darling.
I owe you an apology.
I've said things that I shouldn't
when you arrived earlier.
I hope you know
that I love you and our son.
One more thing.
We have to book our flight home soon.
- I'm sorry, Darling.
- Yusoff.
Who are you talking to?
Where were you?
I went downstairs to check up on Mikhail.
And then, I had coffee with Mak War.
Yusoff,
Mak War looks so young.
When you left this house,
did she look the same as she does now?
I don't really remember.
This family...
practices something.
Let's get some sleep.
I'll tell you more about it later.
I don't want to eat! I want Mom!
Where's the fuse box?
Yusoff!
Why did you come home?
What are you doing over there, Sir?
I seek the forgiveness of Allah.
This is an old neighbourhood.
Sometimes, we don't have power at all.
This house...
I don't know what to say.
Good grief!
Neng, open the door.
Gosh, it was him.
- What happened, Pak Mat?
- Eykha!
I seek forgiveness from Allah, the Mighty.
Pak Mat, how did Eykha end up outside?
- Eykha?
- I was looking for Mom.
- What were you looking for?
- Neng.
Take Eykha to her room.
Help her wash up and
give her some milk with honey.
- And then, tuck her in.
- Yes, Sir.
Why do you keep doing this?
You do this almost every week.
Pak Mat, what happened?
Eykha.
It doesn't matter if the doors are locked.
She still finds ways to go out.
Why didn't my late father
get her treated, Pak Mat?
Mak War keeps giving her milk with honey.
She said she could treat her.
What else could I say?
What was Eykha doing there?
What's under that tree?
She said she was looking for Mom.
She was sleep-walking, Yusoff.
She didn't know where she was going.
Enough. We have to wake up early.
We must bury your father.
Get some sleep.
INDEED, WE BELONG TO ALLAH
AND TO ALLAH WE SHALL RETURN
Blood. Help get me out. Allah is Great.
Imam, blood keeps seeping out. Look.
What do we do?
No matter what, we have to do our duty.
What do we do, Yusoff?
It's okay, Imam.
Let me go down and finish the task.
Oh Allah, send blessings upon Muhammad.
Allah is Greater.
- In the name of Allah.
- Excuse me, Brother.
Please give way.
In the name of Allah.
Hold his head.
Please hand me the board.
- Slowly.
- Do you have it?
I seek refuge in Allah
from the accursed Satan.
Every soul will taste death.
And you will only receive your full reward
on the Day of Judgment.
Whoever is spared from the Fire
and is admitted into Paradise
will indeed triumph
whereas the life of this world...
Whatever affliction befalls you is because
of what your own hands have committed.
And He pardons much.
Whatever befalls you from some hardship
is because of your own hands.
And Allah pardons most of your major sins.
Let's go.
Marissa, do you have relatives here?
We're estranged.
And my parents both passed away
when I was nineteen.
What happened?
It was an accident.
At that time,
I was studying in the UK
and I couldn't get home in time.
I met Yusoff around the same time.
My parents gave up so much for me.
But I couldn't repay them.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's come over me.
So when Yusoff told me he was coming home
to visit his sick and dying father,
my heart broke.
I was reminded of my parents.
That's what parents do, Marissa.
You're a mother now.
I'm sure you can understand them better.
My life isn't much different
from yours, Marissa.
The fire spread so quickly.
I didn't have time to save anything.
I didn't have time to save my parents.
One second later
and I would've been
consumed by the fire too.
But fate had another thing
in store for me.
Yusoff's father came and rescued me.
He appeared out of nowhere
and made me his wife.
The late Ghazali was a good man
and he was rich.
Of course he already
had a woman in his life.
Nur was pregnant with Eykha at that time.
She was hesitant about me at first.
Perhaps the marriage
brought blessings into our lives.
Ghazali's wealth continued to grow.
But I assured her
I didn't come to steal her husband away.
I only wanted to share their happiness.
We as women, must stay strong.
We must endure.
Marissa, call me Mother.
- Dad, I want to sit here.
- Huh?
- Okay. Don't wander off.
- Okay.
Yusoff.
Yusoff, what's the matter?
Pack our bags.
We have to leave this house and go home.
What's going on?
This is too sudden.
Marissa.
Marissa, please listen to me this once.
I...
Listen to you?
Yusoff?
Yusoff.
Yusoff, what's wrong?
This house is haunted, Marissa.
Because you brought Mikhail here,
that spirit has become more...
More what?
What are you doing, Mikhail?
Let's play ball.
Yusoff.
- Yusoff, I'm talking to you!
- Can we talk about this later?
Later.
But now, you have to get Mikhail.
Get Mikhail.
Me? You want me to bring Mikhail here?
You want nothing to do with him, do you?
Take it.
Okay. Look, Mikhail.
Oh, no.
- Can you bring the ball, Mikhail?
- Yes.
Yusoff. Will you talk to me?
Yusoff.
Are you listening to me? Yusoff.
How long will you punish me?
Yusoff.
What is wrong with you?
Are you running away again?
Yusoff, you're no longer a kid!
You ran away from this house once.
Now you're running again?
Excuse me.
I didn't run away, I was sent away.
What do you want now?
So you're trying to control me now?
And pretending like you've
been putting up with everything?
Yes!
You're right!
The things you did to me, Marissa.
Would any other husband
forgive you the way I did?
Yusoff!
Don't you...
- Mikhail!
- Mikhail?
Mikhail!
- Mikhail.
- Eykha, what happened?
- Sweetheart.
Let's bring him in for now.
Mikhail, what's wrong?
- Mikhail, wake up.
- Mikhail.
- Mikhail, my boy.
Mikhail, wake up.
- Mikhail.
- Mikhail. Wake up, Sweetheart.
He's burning up. Marissa, grab your phone
and call the ambulance.
- Mikhail.
- What happened?
Marissa, your phone!
Hey, Mikhail.
Mikhail passed out, Mother.
Mikhail.
Pak Mat, let's take him to the hospital.
Wait.
He needs rest.
Try not to move him around.
Let me heal him.
He needs a doctor, not a Shaman.
Yusoff.
How will you treat him?
Key lime? Incense?
Yusoff, don't talk to your mother
like that.
- She is not...
- Let's wait the night.
If his fever hasn't subsided by tomorrow,
we'll go to the hospital.
Okay, Mother.
Mikhail. Wake up, sweetheart.
Don't worry.
I heal people all the time.
Praise be to Allah.
My son.
Let him get some rest.
If anything comes up, you can call me.
He's still running a fever.
Marissa, don't call her Mother.
Besides, she has nothing to do...
I don't want us to argue
in front of Mikhail.
It's good that he came to.
Perhaps he was not used to a new place.
This house.
This land.
I think that was the cause, Pak Mat.
It's haunted.
This house, this land
are occupied by humans, Yusoff.
What the humans living in this house
and on this land do
is what invited the spirits to reside.
Pak Mat.
Do you have the keys to the basement?
No, only Mak War has them.
- Why do you want to enter the room?
- Never mind.
I only want to take a look inside.
There's nothing inside for you to look at.
That room has become a storage area.
I organized it myself.
Is it true?
After I went away...
did they still practise polytheism?
Dear Allah. Yusoff.
That's an old story.
I already told you.
Pak Mat.
Who else can I ask these questions to?
I spent my last days here with you.
Where are we going?
Yusoff, once we arrive at the airport,
a friend of your fathers
will take you to London, okay?
Where's my mom?
Your mother will meet you at the airport.
Your father ordered me to get you out.
I was only following orders, Yusoff.
You told me
my mom would come to the airport.
Why wasn't she there, Pak Mat?
She ran away.
According to your father, she left
that morning before I sent you away.
We still don't know where she went.
Why would she run away?
Was she upset with Mak War?
Yusoff, we're holding a tahlil for
your late father at the mosque tonight.
- Come with me.
- But my son, Pak Mat.
Come on. Sick children
look for their mother, not their father.
Ride with me.
Come in.
How is Mikhail?
He's still sleeping, Eykha.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what happened earlier.
Mak War is upset with me.
I have to go to bed.
Good night.
Eykha, wait a minute.
I'm going to the mosque.
We're holding a tahlil tonight.
What is it?
Eykha.
I want to apologize.
I pushed you aside earlier.
My brother Yusoff.
You're the only person
I have in this world now.
Mom is no longer around.
You left.
I have to live in this house...
Alone.
It gets lonely
to live without love.
You have them.
You don't feel sad, do you?
You don't feel lonely.
If you came home
to add grief to my heart,
I think you better leave.
Peace be upon you.
Mom!
Mikhail.
What's wrong, Sweetheart?
I...
There's nothing there, Sweetie. Come.
Let's go back to sleep.
Get more sleep, okay?
You're still running a fever.
Rest your body. Here.
Ya-sin.
By the Quran, rich in wisdom!
Indeed you, Oh Muhammad,
are from among the messengers
upon the Straight Path.
Mother.
Marissa.
What's all this, Mother?
Join us for dinner.
My relatives dropped by
to have a little feast.
This is how we celebrate
Ghazali's passing.
I'm very grateful
to receive so much love
in such a trying time.
Let me go.
Yusoff!
Mikhail!
It has been 30 years
since I was last home.
Sorry to have kept you waiting, Pak Mat.
The congregation asked me to give a talk
after the Fajr prayer tomorrow.
I'm not an Islamic studies professor.
I told them I could only
give them a talk on Islamic history.
Let's go, Pak Mat.
I've been thinking
about what I should do
now that your father has passed.
You can get another job, Pak Mat.
You're free now.
Freedom?
That word doesn't come cheap.
I was never free.
Mak War came into your father's life
and made him even more wealthy
and powerful.
She had control over everyone.
You mother had doubts,
but Mak War's black magic
was too powerful.
That night,
they sacrificed Din.
The life of one boy for every blood moon.
You weren't supposed to be there.
I had to obey MaWar
because I became her slave.
Or else, she would take my life too.
He saw us.
Let's hear what Mawar has to say first.
Yusoff must die.
Don't let our feelings
get in the way, Nur.
You came into my home.
You took my husband.
You used me.
Now you want to kill my son?
You...
Your mother was trying to save you.
But your father's hands were tied.
Because he knew
we had to keep it a secret.
We had to destroy all the evidence.
Your mother's life had to be sacrificed,
in exchange for your life.
That is the reason you're still alive.
I was the one who buried her that night.
In the front yard of the house,
where Eykha always spends her time.
The very next day,
you were sent away.
You are my heart and soul too.
I love you, Yusoff.
So you'd be far from all this.
I'm sorry, Yusoff.
Yusoff.
I know
there's no use in apologizing now, but
you have to know the truth.
I can't carry this secret any longer.
Maybe you don't remember,
but there were other boys before Din
they had sacrificed, Yusoff.
And more died after you left.
What are you waiting for?
Hit me.
I deserve to be...
You're a murderer.
You're no different
from the people in that house.
Your son.
Go and save him.
Mikhail! Marissa!
Dear Allah.
Marissa?
Marissa! Marissa!
Neng!
What happened? Where's everyone?
I don't know.
I think Madam Mawar took them away!
- Neng, leave this house and never return.
- Okay.
- Report this to the police.
Tell the police.
Mikhail!
Marissa!
I'm sorry, Nur.
I regret doing that to you.
I bear witness
that there is no god but Allah
and I bear witness that
Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Yusoff.
Marissa.
Mikhail.
Don't worry about him.
Ghazali left all his assets
and this house to me.
But his biggest asset lies in this room.
What are you saying?
Our guardian.
The one that gives us wealth.
The one that ensures I live till now.
You were surprised too
when you first saw me, right?
I was the one
who made your father call you.
I am dying.
You're finally home.
Yusoff, come home.
You polytheist!
You're associating with the devil!
I might be a polytheist to you,
but I've found pleasure.
You don't know what awaits us.
Yusoff.
Mikhail.
A life of luxury under his protection.
Mak War! Mikhail!
Leave him alone, Mak War. Kill me instead.
You can't kill Ghazali's descendant.
That is his grandson!
Grandson?
It looks like you have no idea.
Marissa.
Tell Yusoff the truth.
Tell him who Mikhail is.
Marissa.
What is Mikhail's real identity?
What is she talking about?
Mikhail...
Mikhail is not your son.
Yusoff.
Yusoff, I'm sorry.
I love you.
Yusoff.
Take a look around, Yusoff.
People betray you left and right.
You only have this mother of yours now.
You can live in this house with me.
Yusoff, stay with God.
Remember Allah.
- Yusoff.
- Stay with me, Yusoff.
You are my son.
Snake...
Yusoff.
My son.
Mikhail.
Mikhail, open your eyes.
Mikhail. Wake up, my son.
Come on.
Where are we?
- Mikhail.
- Yusoff!
Allah! There is no god
worthy of worship except Him,
the Ever-Living, All-Sustaining.
Neither drowsiness
nor sleep overtakes Him.
To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens
and whatever is on the earth.
Who could possibly intercede with Him
without His permission?
He fully knows what is ahead of them
and what is behind them,
but no one can grasp any of His knowledge
except what He wills to reveal.
His Seat encompasses
the heavens and the earth,
and the preservation of both
does not tire Him.
For He is the Most High, the Greatest.
This is a discharge from all obligations,
by Allah and His Messenger,
to the polytheists you believers
have entered into treaties with.
Let's go, Marissa.
- Marissa.
- Huh?
Marissa. Start Pak Mat's car. Quickly!
- Where are you going?
- I can't leave Eykha.
- Hurry.
- Yusoff!
Eykha.
Yusoff!
Allahu Akbar!
Eykha, wake up now.
We'd got to get out of this house now.
Just a bit more...
Eykha.
Get in, quickly.
A WOMAN WAS ARRESTED
A WOMAN'S BODY HAS BEEN FOUND,
THE BOY HAS NOT YET BEEN FOUND.
TWO BODIES OF 7-YEAR-OLD BOYS FOUND